Pseudo Selectors are used to select an element based on state
or position of the element
There are two types of pseudo selectors i.e.,
i.pseudo classes
ii.pseudo elements
	Pseudo elements uses double colon for its presence
	1. ::first-line: first line is used to select the first line of the element
	2. ::first-letter: first letter is used to select the first letter of the element
	3. ::after: it is used to keep certain after the element 
	4. ::before: it is used to place certain content before the element
	5. ::placeholder: it is used to select the placeholder of input elements
 Pseudo classes:
these selectors uses single colon
	1. :hover: it is used to select an whenever we keep mouse over the element
	2. :required: it is used to select an element when it is required
	3. :optional: it is used to select an input element when it is not required
	4. :active: it is used to select an anchor tag when it is active
	5. :link:it is used to select a link in orginal state
	6. :visited: it is used to select a link if it is already visited
	7. :disabled: it is used to select an input element whei it is disabled
	8. :enabled: it is used to select an input element whei it is not disabled
	9. :read-only:it is used to select an input element whei it is read-only
	10.:read-write: it is used to select an input element whei it is not read-write
	11.:first child: it is used to select an element if it is first 
	12.:last-child: it is used to select an element if it is the last
	13.:nth-child(position): it is used to select an element based on its position number
	14.:nth-last-child(position): it is used to select an element based on its position number from last
	15.:nth-of-type(position): it is used to select an element based on its postion number and type of the
					element
	16::nth-of-last-type(position): it is used to select an element based on its postion number and type of the
					element from the last 
	17.:not(some tags or some class): it is used to select the element except certain element
